Join the leading global financial services firm, JPMorgan Chase & Co., with operations worldwide and assets of $2.5 trillion. As part of the Economic Research Team, you'll support Senior Economists, providing data gathering, macroeconomic modelling, statistical analysis, and contributing to presentations and reports for our diverse range of clients. This role offers the opportunity to work in a dynamic environment and make a significant impact on the bank's economic research and analysis.

As a Global Research - Junior Economist - Analyst or Associate within the Economic Research Team, you will be responsible for providing support with data and information gathering and processing, macroeconomic modelling and statistical analysis, monitoring data releases and updating databases, synthesizing findings, and contributing to presentations and reports in response to internal and external client requests. You will work closely with Senior Economists, applying your excellent knowledge of economic principles and statistics/econometrics, and your strong organizational and time management skills. This role offers the opportunity to work autonomously and as a team-player in an international environment, and to contribute to the firm's understanding of global economies.

Job responsibilities

Undertake, under the supervision of Senior Economists, qualitative and quantitative analysis on economies.
Undertake economic (spreadsheet) modelling and statistical analysis applying sound economic judgment.
Build, update, and streamline country and regional databases with rigorous attention to detail.
Contribute to written publications and presentations on the region.
Monitor data releases and market-relevant developments globally.
Produce literature/report reviews.
Provide support for any other internal and external data or information request or project on the countries covered.
 
Required qualifications, capabilities, and skills

Background in economics at the post-graduate level (Master’s degree).
Some experience in economics.
Background in development/international economics at a similar level with a strong analytical/statistical component is an alternative.
Excellent knowledge of economic principles and statistics/econometrics.
Excellent ability to work with spreadsheets.
Ability to sieve through, synthesize, and present complex information and ideas.
Strong organizational and time management skills.
Ability to work autonomously during periods of travel by the supervisor.
Ability to work as a team-player in an international environment.
 
Preferred qualifications, capabilities, and skills

Research experience on EM economies.
Experience in the official creditor sector or developing country government.


 

This role encompasses the performance of UK regulated activity. The successful candidate will therefore be subject to meeting UK regulatory requirements in the assessment of fitness, propriety, knowledge and competence (as assessed by the Firm) and (where appropriate) approval by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and/or the Prudential Regulation Authority to carry out such activities. 